welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a post-apocalyptic horror
film from 2018
titled a quiet place spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
it's been 89 days since the apocalypse
people are missing and places remain
desolate
children are seen silently moving around
an abandoned store
one of them is sitting on the ground and
is approached by his mother who looks
for the right medicine to give him
because he's sick
the eldest child is deaf but they all
communicate with sign language
when the youngest child almost drops a
toy rocket its sister grabs it swiftly
before it drops and makes a noise
the father joins them and it becomes
apparent that they are on a supply run
in the store
the youngest still gets the rocket toy
which is swiftly taken away by the
father
who is concerned that it might be too
loud once he's out of the store
the eldest gives the littlest back his
toy unaware that he will also take the
batteries back
it's slowly getting dark as they are
seen walking barefoot back to their home
with the youngest trailing back behind
the group suddenly
toy sounds are heard in the background
the group panics as the father is
running towards the littlest child
the mother holds her scream before the
father can get to the child
a creature appears from the woods and
cuts right traffic more than a year
after the event
the family is trying to cope with what
has happened the eldest is traumatized
and the father obsessed with both the
event itself as well as finding means of
communication with other people via
radio
the middle child wants to drive a car
but he knows that won't be possible
he walks back to their underground home
where the pregnant mother is trying to
create a warm nest for her baby
the father can't let go of the memory of
their child that died but the mother
aware of the situation they are in is
preparing a very special crib for the
child to come
sitting on the top of a silo the father
lights a fire and searches for other
fires that light up in the distance
a sign that other people are still alive
the same night they have dinner together
using leaves for plates and their hands
so they don't make a sound even praying
in complete silence
after dinner the kids cause a small fire
resulting in the father making noises to
extinguish it
the family becomes even more quiet
waiting for the creatures to arrive
listening for them above ground the
creatures don't come for them this time
later
the father is seen fixing the daughter's
hearing aid in the basement when the
mother joins him there
they dance and she plays music for him
on your pods
the next day the mother is performing
her daily physical examination
it can be seen that her due date is
coming soon she listens to the baby's
heartbeat
meanwhile the daughter goes to the house
and prepares to walk down the basement
when her father suddenly garbs her and
tells her she can't go down there
he shows her the hearing aid he's been
working on explaining that it will work
this time
she refuses to take it but he puts it in
her hand nevertheless
later the mother is giving the sun math
lessons but the father walks in and
tells them it's time to go
the son isn't happy about it so his
mother reassures him that everything
will be all right
she tells him that he needs to learn
those things so he could take care of
her in the future
the son and the father are preparing to
leave the daughter insists to join them
but the father doesn't allow it and
leaves with a boy
devastated the girl runs to her room
where she tries the new hearing aid
only to find out that it didn't work as
expected she gets more flustered
so she starts packing a bag and puts an
important wrapped item inside last
the father and son come up to a river
where the father explains that the river
masks small
sound so the kid shouldn't be afraid he
tells him that louder sounds can be made
if nosier things are nearby
the daughter is seen leaving the farm
inside
the mother is carrying on with her house
duties one a laundry bag she's pulling
gets stuck on a nail in the stairway
almost tipping her over
the father and son go up to a waterfall
and suddenly the father starts howling
and scares the boy
he tells him that it's all right and
encourages him to haul as well
back at the farm the mother goes inside
the house walking around nostalgically
the girl is walking trough the woods
away from their home and back at the
waterfall the father and son have a
conversation about her
the boy tells him that she blames
herself for what happened with the
youngest child
the daughter is seen walking up to the
place where her little brother died
meanwhile a mother is in his room crying
the girl leaves the toy rocket on the
grave
as the father and son are still talking
the son tells his father that he should
tell his daughter that he still loves
her
later that day the two of them are
walking back trough the woods and come
across an old rundown house
as they pass by it an old man appears
suddenly and they stop
next to him lays the dead body of a
woman the father notices the man is
about to scream and hushes him
but the man screams from the top of his
lungs nevertheless
the father grabs the sun and hides then
watches as one of the creatures tears
the old man apart
back at the house the mother is still in
the dead child's room
when her water breaks she tries to keep
collected as the pain from the
contractions comes in and walks toward
the basement
walking down the stairwell she steps
directly on a nail letting out a small
cry
she changes the color of the lights
outside so the others know what's
happening and as she prepares to leave
one of the creatures appears inside the
house
it's rampaging inside while she stays in
the basement and finds a timer
the contractions are becoming stronger
in the meantime
the father and son arrive at the farm
and notice the change in the lights
back at the basement the mother is
hiding as the creature comes down and is
searching for the origin of the noise it
heard before
its giant ear latches onto the ticking
sound of the timer and when it goes off
the creature can't hear the mother
running up the stairs unfortunately
there is a second one in front of the
house as the father and son find out too
the father gives the boy the task of
switching on a device that is louder
so they can help the mother back inside
the house she's lying down in a tub
ready to have the baby when suddenly she
hears one of the creatures coming inside
in the meantime the boy is lighting up a
fireworks and the father is prepping a
shotgun
the moment she starts pushing explosions
are hurt in the background and she lets
out an enormous scream
as fireworks explode over the farm the
father runs toward the house with a
shotgun
the daughter sees the fire works as well
and runs toward the farm
back at the house the father is seen
coming up the stairs toward the bathroom
but the mother isn't in the tub he sees
the blood and thinks of the worst
when she pops up from behind the shower
screen baby noises are heard as the two
of them kiss
meanwhile the sun is walking back trough
the crops when he hears a noise
one of the creatures is heard going
after him as he runs when he suddenly
face plants into a giant wheel the
father is carrying the mother and the
newborn to their home
when the baby starts crying he manages
to go deeper underground and cover the
hole with a mattress
as a creature is seen following their
sounds underground
the baby is crying and above the
creature is trashing around
the father puts the newborn in its
special crib which dampens the sounds of
its crying
back in the crop the daughter sees a
light between the plants
as a creature is walking up to her she
doesn't hear it
the creature launches onto the tiny
sounds from her aid and the thing starts
emitting a horrible sound
that disturbs the girl and agitates the
creature so that it runs away
in the meantime the father and mother
are safely underground
she asks about the other children and he
comforts her the mother starts talking
about their dead child blaming herself
for what happened
she makes the father promise her that he
will protect their other children
in the crop the girl follows the light
and finds her brother
the father leaves the hiding place to go
search for them but doesn't notice that
the basement is flooding
the kids are on top of the silo lighting
the same fire the father lit up the
previous night
but they run out of gas and the brother
comforts his sister
the father looks for them on the
security monitors but is unable to find
them
underground the mother is woken up by
the incoming water and instantly notices
a creature down there with her in the
baby
it dives under the water but as she
picks up her child it comes up again
she hides behind a wall of pouring water
as the creature follows
meanwhile the father arrives at the crop
and the children argue on top of the
silo
when suddenly the boy drops inside
making a noise that everything can hear
except his sister when she realizes what
happened she finds him inside
falling deeper in the corn the creatures
are rushing toward the silo as the
sister jumps in to help but instead gets
rescued by the brother from drowning in
the corn
the father is coming to save them but
there is a creature inside already
as the children are hiding from it the
girl's earpiece acts up again and chases
the creature away
at the house the mother goes up to check
what's happening on the monitors
as the father rushes up toward the silo
he reunites with the children
but they hear a creature close by so he
tells them to run toward the truck
the father stays behind to protect them
suddenly
the creature appears and before he can
hit it throws him on the side
the boy screams as the mother is seeing
it all play out on the monitors
the creature follows the scream and
attacks the truck but fortunately the
father is still alive
he sees that the children are
defenseless inside of the vehicle and
after saying goodbye screams to attract
the attention of the creature
the boy pushes the truck into gear and
as it rolls away the creature gets to
the father
as dusk breaks the children are reunited
with their mother but the creature has
followed them
she takes the children to the basement
and the daughter sees what the father
has been working on
including the many hearing aids he had
tried to fix for her
suddenly the lights start flickering the
creature has found them and as it's
coming down
the mother aims at it with a shotgun all
the electronics glitch and disturb the
creature
the daughter figures out that devices
like her hearing aid are its weakness
and she turns hers on
before the creature can get to the
newborn crying the girl puts her aid to
the radio and incapacitates it
a second later it rises but the mother
shoots it dead
the lights start flickering again they
see on the monitors that more creatures
are coming
so the daughter ups the volume on the
radio and the mother pumps the shotgun
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching